that's true you live I love your fucking
show it's the greatest thing in the
world I listen to it twice a day well I
think we will I mean they'd be they'd be
absolute fucking imbeciles
not to want to resign us I mean
seriously I don't know what the fuck
they're thinking Idaho I hope that
things go smoothly on Friday my agents
gonna be up there but they're absolutely
somebody needs to be fired if they don't
fucking for hire if they don't give us
what we were are worth then somebody
needs to be fucking fired seriously they
have just made some boneheaded fucking
programming decisions they've paid
people just millions and millions and
millions and millions of dollars that
don't that nobody listens to and they're
gonna fucking I'm not saying I just I to
me I can't fucking I can't grasp it I
won't have a better understanding until
until Friday afternoon when my aging
that gets done meaning in the first
round of talks and how far apart we're
gonna be and how I they're nice or
insulting their offer will be but at the
end of the day man they need to realize
one thing and Howard has screamed this
we're in radio big-time Hollywood names
and big-time fucking whatever iconic
type names in our the Martha's they
don't fucking matter they don't raise
subscribers people don't give a fuck we
do radio we do it for four and a half
five hi Howard stub Howard's accounts
five five and a half hours a day
we're in radio we're radio guys show us
the fucking money you got us for fucking
pennies on the dollar because we're some
broke dick out of job motherfuckers two
and a half years ago we came in
we've worked smart we've worked hard and
we've proved ourselves now pass a fair
wage that's all we ask
I don't even need fucking 40 million
dollars that you gave Martha give me a
fucking break
I probably shouldn't be saying all that
that's how I feel they got a fucking
sinus
you got to how many other guys out there
in America are as good as
collective group when I say mean I mean
when I say me I mean us guys I don't
mean that disrespectfully I'm the
figurehead of it all its title after me
but God by all means can I not die
cannot do this alone I have assembled a
great great bunch of people from 25 to
chip to Jaeger to Dave to everybody in
this room to big dick everybody we work
our ass off we come in we do a 10 hour
turnaround on Thursdays to give you a
live Friday morning show we've never
said no to anything we will travel
across America we will shake hands we
will sign autographs we'll do live
remotes for free
we don't ask to get paid we do our jobs
we love our jobs now fucking pay us stop
being a bunch of fucks it's bullshit
it's fucking bullshit to see the kind of
money
somebody people have made in this
industry and to know that we fucking
bust our ass yeah I know you guys I know
you guys don't want to say anything but
I know you got to agree with me
absolutely I think I think already made
the one of the best analogies I've heard
which was he said if if Derek Jeter
retired from the Yankees they are not
gonna replace him with Pete Sampras
I don't even you're right that's that's
the fucking best but I don't even think
it's about replacing it's about we
deliver yeah here's the fucking bottom
line is you guys whomever is up there
listening you guys underestimate how
many people listen to this program you
say you don't have a way to tell that's
fine you don't I agree I don't I don't
know I don't know if I agree I don't
know if you're being truthful or not but
you will quickly find out how many
people did listen when you when I'm not
around anymore
and you have a couple hundred thousand
fucking subscriptions that are canceling
you will find that out and maybe Martha
can save the fucking day or some other
person that you've just given stupid
money to I know my pressure that said
all that I can't I can't fucking help
but might this show is my life
oh look motherfucker but this show is my
life this building is my life you guys
are my family my on-air family not only
on air but off air we love each other we
support each other we will do anything
for each other
we have sacrificed
a ton to come in everyday and to do this
show and to do it good and all the
bullshit hoops they've given us and made
us jump through and the rules and
getting hauled up to New York and
threatened to be fired and just all the
bullshit that I'm sure Howard doesn't
even know about it's just fucking
bullshit I want to be here I think we do
a we I'm sorry we want to be here but I
mean come on stop we are by far next to
Howard the best thing they have period I
listen to the radio I listen to Sirius
I'm a subscriber I have I paid for five
units and there's people out there
listen to the show that pay for seven
units and I listen and there's a lot of
good stuff on there but there's not
anybody else besides Howard and Scotty
and I that do worth a fucking shit and
I'm sorry that's the truth I gotta be
honest I can't fucking lie anymore I
know I should be singing this I already
did damage is already done whether this
went through the airwaves or not I got I
don't know maybe they smash the fucking
dump button up in New York but it's it's
I'm sorry I cannot fucking take it
anymore
and I can't think Howard and Robin and
Artie and Fred and Gary and Tim and Ross
and everybody that believes in us
everybody that believes in us I want to
be here I don't want to go anywhere else
but I can't fucking just sit here and
continue to have to worry about sling
and fucking t-shirts and bubble raw for
me to pay my mortgage I can't I cannot
do it anymore this is a good show it's a
great show there are hundreds of
thousands of people that listen to the
show I know that whether you know it or
whether you appreciate it
is another thing but you I will promise
you this and I'm gonna be an arrogant
motherfucker and you guys cannot affect
me or not you will fucking find out if
we're not here in January I promise you
you will fucking find out to the tune of
tens and tens and tens and tens of
millions of dollars not going in the
bottom line promise I fucking promise I
came in we came in for two years and
worked for fucking dog piss Jones
now it's time Terry what reward good
working employees that don't bitch and
deliver the goods it's time to fucking
do the right thing
period I got off on this ton tangent but
I'm quickly saying goodbye
cuz I'm sure I'm in a whole lot of
fuckin shit which is bullshit in itself
I'm telling the truth